docs(Grid): Add KB for implement built-in functions when using RowTem… (#2520)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-row-template-simulate-built-in-functions.md

* How to add [command column]({%slug components/grid/columns/command%}) in Grid when using a Row Template?
* When using a Row Template how to prevent selection of Grid rows when clicking on command buttons?
* How to implement Grid column [resizing]({%slug components/grid/columns/resize%}), [auto-fitting]({%slug components/grid/columns/resize%}#autofit-columns), [visibility]({%slug grid-columns-visible%}), [locking]({%slug grid-columns-frozen%}), and [reordering]({%slug components/grid/columns/reorder%}) when using a Row Template?

## Solution

By default, using the Row Template takes the majority of built-in functionalities away from the Grid because the Grid no longer controls its own rendering. This gives you the controll to add your own implementation for them. The example below showcases a possible implementation of some of the functionalities, such as row selection by clicking on a row and through a Checkbox column, column resizing and visibility, editing through command buttons, sorting, filtering.

### Selection

> * In the [`<GridColumns>` collection]({%slug components/grid/columns/bound%}#show-data-in-a-grid) add the [`<GridCheckboxColumn>`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}) and use the [`HeaderTemplate`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}#header-template) to add a custom [CheckBox component]({%slug checkbox-overview%}). This CheckBox component handles the [select all rows]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}#parameters) functionallity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement custom selection functionality:
* In the [`<GridColumns>` collection]({%slug components/grid/columns/bound%}#show-data-in-a-grid), add the [`<GridCheckboxColumn>`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}) and use the [`HeaderTemplate`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}#header-template) to add a custom [CheckBox component]({%slug checkbox-overview%}). This CheckBox component handles the [select all rows]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}#parameters) functionality.
```

> * In the `<RowTemplate>` add a `<td>` element with custom CheckBox component. Add a boolean property to the Grid model to indicate selection so you can use it for the state of this CheckBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `<RowTemplate>`, add a `<td>` element with a custom CheckBox component. Add a Boolean property to the Grid model to indicate selection so you can use it for the state of this CheckBox.
```

> * In the `<RowTemplate>` add a `<td>` element with custom CheckBox component. Add a boolean property to the Grid model to indicate selection so you can use it for the state of this CheckBox.

Reviewer 2: "Custom" can be ambiguous here and you can omit it. Do we imply that the Telerik checkbox cannot be used? When you say "add a CheckBox component", it should be clear that the customer will take care of this.

> * Handle the Grid [`SelectedItemsChanged` event]({%slug grid-selection-row%}#selecteditemschanged-event) and the CheckBox [`OnChange` event]({%slug checkbox-events%}#onchange) to manage the [`SelectedItems` collection]({%slug grid-selection-overview%}#access-selected-rows-or-cells). The `OnChange` event fires after the `SelectedItemsChanged` event. In this case you need to create a separate collection of selected items to persist the selected items when multiselecting through the CheckBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Handle the Grid's [`SelectedItemsChanged` event]({%slug grid-selection-row%}#selecteditemschanged-event) and the CheckBox's [`OnChange` event]({%slug checkbox-events%}#onchange) to manage the [`SelectedItems` collection]({%slug grid-selection-overview%}#access-selected-rows-or-cells). The `OnChange` event fires after the `SelectedItemsChanged` event. In this case, you need to create a separate collection of selected items to persist the selected items when multiselecting through the CheckBox.
```

### Editing, Sorting, Filtering

> The built-in editing, sorting, filtering will work if the RowTemplate structure is similar to an actual table and only for the first included in the `<td>` element Grid data model property, if such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in editing, sorting, and filtering will work if the RowTemplate structure is similar to an actual table and only for the first property included in the `<td>` element's Grid data model, if such.
```

> ### Command column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command Column
```

> * In the `<GridColumns>` collection add the [`<GridCommandColumn>`]({%slug components/grid/columns/command%}) and use the [built-in `Save` and `Cancel` commands]({%slug components/grid/columns/command%}#built-in-commands). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement a custom command column:

* In the `<GridColumns>` collection, add the [`<GridCommandColumn>`]({%slug components/grid/columns/command%}) and use the [built-in `Save` and `Cancel` commands]({%slug components/grid/columns/command%}#built-in-commands). 
```

> * In the `<RowTemplate>` add a `<td>` element with custom [Button component]({%slug components/button/overview%}) and handle the Grid items editing and deleting programatically. You can refer to the knowledge base article on how to [enter and exit Grid edit Mode programmatically]({%slug grid-kb-add-edit-state%}). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `<RowTemplate>,` add a `<td>` element with a custom [Button component]({%slug components/button/overview%}) and handle the Grid items editing and deleting programmatically. Refer to the knowledge base article on how to [enter and exit Grid edit Mode programmatically]({%slug grid-kb-add-edit-state%}). 
```

* Set the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/stopPropagation" target="_blank">`stopPropagation` method</a> of the <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onclick.asp" target="_blank">`onclick` event</a> to the `<td>` element to prevent row selection when clicking on a command button.

> ### Column Resizing, Auto-fitting, Visibility, Locking, Reordering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Column Resizing, Auto-Fitting, Visibility, Locking, Reordering
```

> * The column resizing and auto-fitting may work as usual, if the RowTemplate structure is similar to an actual table row with coresponding number of cells to the number of Grid columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Column resizing and auto-fitting will work if the Row Template structure resembles an actual table row, with a corresponding number of cells matching the Grid columns.
```

> * The column visibility depends if you include a `<td>` element for the column in the Row Template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Column visibility depends on including a `<td>` element for each column in the Row Template.
```

> * To implement column locking you need to add the `k-grid-content-sticky` class to the `<td>` element for the columns that you want to be locked as well as calculate and set the correct `left` and `right` CSS properties as the content inside the template can be any (valid) HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To implement column locking, add the `k-grid-content-sticky` class to the `<td>` element of the columns that you want locked, and calculate and set the correct `left` and `right` CSS properties, as the content inside the template can be any valid HTML.
```

> * When you want to have a column reordering you need to manage the `left` and `right` CSS properties to the `<td>` elements in the RowTemplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For column reordering, manage the `left` and `right` CSS properties on the `<td>` elements within the Row Template.
```

## Example

> >caption Row selection, Column resizing and visibility, Editing, Sorting, Filtering when using Row Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Row selection, Column resizing and visibility, Editing, Sorting, and Filtering when using Row Template
```

````CSHTML
<TelerikGrid @ref="@GridRef"
             Data=@GridData
             Pageable="true"
             PageSize="15"

>              Page="1"

Reviewer 2: This line can be removed, unless it's required for some reason.

             SelectionMode="@GridSelectionMode.Multiple"
             SelectedItems="@SelectedItems"
             SelectedItemsChanged="@( (IEnumerable<ArticleDto> newSelected) => SelectedItemsChangedHandler(newSelected) )"
             OnCreate="@OnCreateHandler"
             OnUpdate="@OnUpdateHandler">
    <GridToolBarTemplate>
        <GridCommandButton Command="Add">Add</GridCommandButton>
    </GridToolBarTemplate>
    <RowTemplate Context="article">
        <td>
            <TelerikCheckBox @bind-Value="@article.IsSelected" OnChange="@(() => OnCheckBoxChangeHandler(article.Id))" />
        </td>
        <td>
            <img src="@article.ImageUrl" width="55" height="35" />
        </td>
        <td>
            @{
                if(article.IsSelected)
                {
                    <h2>Selected</h2>
                }
                else
                {
                    <h2>Not Selected</h2>
                }
            }
            @article.Title
        </td>
        <td @onclick:stopPropagation="true">
            <TelerikButton Icon="@SvgIcon.Pencil" OnClick="@(() => OnProgrammaticEditHandler(article.Id))">Programmatic Edit</TelerikButton>

>             <TelerikButton Icon="@SvgIcon.Trash" OnClick="@(() =>  OnProgrammaticDeleteHandler(article.Id))">Programmatic Delete</TelerikButton>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <TelerikButton Icon="@SvgIcon.Trash" OnClick="@(() => OnProgrammaticDeleteHandler(article.Id))">Programmatic Delete</TelerikButton>
```

        </GridCheckboxColumn>
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(ArticleDto.Id) Visible="false" />
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(ArticleDto.ImageUrl) Title="Image" Editable="false" Resizable="true" />
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(ArticleDto.Title) Title="Article Title" Resizable="true" />
        <GridCommandColumn>
            <GridCommandButton Icon="SvgIcon.Save" Command="Save" ShowInEdit="true">Update</GridCommandButton>
            <GridCommandButton Icon="SvgIcon.Cancel" Command="Cancel" ShowInEdit="true">Cancel</GridCommandButton>
        </GridCommandColumn>
    </GridColumns>
</TelerikGrid>

@code {
    private TelerikGrid<ArticleDto>? GridRef { get; set; }

    private List<ArticleDto> GridData { get; set; } = new();

    private IEnumerable<ArticleDto> SelectedItems { get; set; } = Enumerable.Empty<ArticleDto>();
    private List<ArticleDto> TempSelectedItemsCollection { get; set; } = new();
    private bool SelectAll { get; set; }

    #region Selection
    private void SelectAllHandler(bool newValue)
    {
        SelectAll = newValue;

        foreach (var item in GridData)
        {
            item.IsSelected = SelectAll;
        }

>         // If SelectAll is true, assign all items to SelectedItems, 

Reviewer: Use a full stop at the end of all comments that are complete sentences.

    {
        foreach (var item in GridData)
        {
            item.IsSelected = false;
        }

        // Use temporary collection to be able to persist the
        // selected items when multiselecting with checkboxes
        TempSelectedItemsCollection = SelectedItems.ToList();
        SelectedItems = selectedItems;

        foreach (var item in selectedItems)
        {
            item.IsSelected = true;
        }
    }

    private void OnCheckBoxChangeHandler(Guid itemId)
    {
        ArticleDto? currentItem = GridData.FirstOrDefault(a => a.Id == itemId);

        if (currentItem != null)
        {
            if (currentItem.IsSelected)
            {
                TempSelectedItemsCollection.Add(currentItem);
            }
            else
            {
                TempSelectedItemsCollection.Remove(currentItem);
            }
        }

        // The OnChange event fires after the SelectedItemsChanged
        // thus we need to update the SelectedItems collection
        SelectedItems = TempSelectedItemsCollection;

        foreach (var item in SelectedItems)
        {
            item.IsSelected = true;
        }
    }
    #endregion Selection

>     #region Edit

Reviewer 2: Consider empty lines around `#region` and `#endregion` labels.

            gridState.EditItem = GridData.Where(x => x.Id == itemId).First().Clone();
            var rnd = new Random();
            gridState.EditItem.ImageUrl = $"https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/images/photos/{rnd.Next(1, 30) % 7 + 1}.jpg";
            await GridRef.SetStateAsync(gridState);
        }
    }

    private void OnUpdateHandler(GridCommandEventArgs args)
    {
        var updatedItem = (ArticleDto)args.Item;
        var index = GridData.FindIndex(i => i.Id == updatedItem.Id);
        if (index != -1)
        {
            GridData[index] = updatedItem;
        }
    }

    private void OnProgrammaticDeleteHandler(Guid itemId)
    {
        if (GridData.Any() && GridRef != null)
        {
            var itemToDelete = GridData.Where(x => x.Id == itemId).First();
            GridData.Remove(itemToDelete);

            // Remove from SelectedItems collection
            TempSelectedItemsCollection = SelectedItems.ToList();
            TempSelectedItemsCollection.Remove(itemToDelete);
            SelectedItems = TempSelectedItemsCollection;

            GridRef.Rebind();
        }
    }
    #endregion Edit

>     #region DataGeneration

Reviewer 2: Spaces are allowed

```suggestion
    #region Data Generation
```
